# BlockAssistRole
<hr>
Gensyn is a Layer-1 protocol combining AI and blockchain, aiming to build a global decentralized compute network for machine learning. It aggregates idle GPU/M1/edge compute from devices worldwide to train AI models more affordably and efficiently
<hr>
Here You will get full detailed guide to get the BLOCK role on Gensyn AI without any GPU . Only on CPU based Nodes!  
<hr>
<h1>
We will have Three different Section of detailed guide 
</h1>

<h3> Section 1 : VPS SETUP </h3>

- We will use Google cloud free tier Vps for this one. if you have any other vps then it's okay. No need to worry.
<h3> section 2 : SUNSHINE SETUP </h3>

- We will need sunshine to run our Minecraft game on PC or Mobile On Moonlight App
<h3>Section 3 : Run BlockAssist and Play Minecraft to get Block Role </h3> 
<hr>

- Now let's start one by one.Everything is Secured and Well Researched so Don't Worry for any hack or abuse!
<h1>Section 1</h1> 
<h2>You can skip this section if you have already setup vps and all</h2>

  <h3>
    
  - Now go to this link https://cloud.google.com/free and setup your accound.you will need a visa card to get google cloud free tier so you can use crypto cards to get that.(if you guys want then i will create a guide on how to get crypto cards) 
    
  - Now from Dashboard click on Navigation Menu--Compute Engine--VM instances (follow this path) and create a new Instance
  <h2>Now Select these setting<h2>

   - Series --N2
   - CPU -- 6 core
   - Ram --24 GB
   - OS --Ubuntu 24.04 LTS Minimal
   - Storage --100GB
   - Networking -- Allow HTTP traffic Allow HTTPS traffic allow these two
   - Now go to security and click manage access and add your SSH key

  <h2>Now How to setup Termius and get SSH key so you can control your VPS from your app at any time</h2>
  
  - Now go  to termius offical website https://termius.com/download/windows and download this download.exe file and install on your PC (You will get Mobile App also) .
  - Now Open your termius click on Keychain then click on Key and Generate new SSH key (you can see youtube on how to create SSH key on Termius)
  - Then on your SSH-RSA (public Key) remove this section -Generated By Termius- and write a username instead. Now save this ssh-rsa and paste on your Vps Manage access section
  - Now click on create and wait to create then copy your external IP address and go termius and click on Hosts then add your IP and on Label , use any name and then on username -use the same username you used on your ssh-rsa key- then on password , select your key that generated!
  - now follow this path . click on --connect--add and continue-- then you are ready to install any code on your vps
  - you can check youtube video if you face difficulty to understand!
  - You can even dm me
   </h3>
   <hr>
   <h1>Now Setup Sunshine To Run Minecraft Game    <hr>
   </h1>
   
   <h3>
     <h2>
       Create a new user(You can use any name , you like)     
       </h2>    

  </h3>

```
  sudo adduser myuser
```
<h1>Add User to Sudo Group</h1>

```
sudo usermod -aG sudo myuser
```
<h1>Switch To New User</h1>

```
su - myuser
```
<h2>Usage</h2>
1. Clone or download this script into your server:

```
bash <(curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CodeDialect/sunshine-script/main/sunshine_setup.sh)
```

2. After installation, the script will display a Cloudflare Tunnel URL:
```
Tunnel URL: https://xyz123.trycloudflare.com
```
3. Open this URL in your browser to access the Sunshine Web UI and pair with Moonlight.
 
4. If it doesn't give you url then Copy and Paste this
``` 
cloudflared tunnel --no-tls-verify --url https://localhost:47990
```
5. Hopefully You will get Your Url and just Press Ctrl and click on the URL to open automatically on the Browser! 
 
 <h2>Web Ui opening problem</h2>
 
- If you face trouble opening sunshine Web Ui then Go to Your Cloud Vps and Click On Navigation Menu--VPC Network--Firewall (follow this path).
- Then Click on this colour default allow-http
 
